Kevin Durant you're checking out junior
scorpion hey what's going on everybody
this is junior you are checking out the
sport breed it is hot here in New York
City I'm talking 100 degrees huh you may
actually see me sweating a little bit
but the fact of the matter is speaking
of heat Chris Bosh will be joining
Dwyane Wade as a member of the miami
heat dwyane wade no longer has to go out
and score 80 points a game just to keep
the heat competitive now so Chris Bosh
leaves toronto raptors and it hasn't
been mentioned or stated yet whether or
not this is going to be a sign and trade
or whether he is signing out right to
the Miami Heat if I'm going to think
about it I'm going to say that this man
signs with the Toronto Raptors for a
sign and trade is traded to the miami
heat with a few other players and this
accomplishes two things Chris Bosh gets
to make his extra money by signing with
the rafters and at the same time if you
include Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh the
Miami Heat still only have four guys on
the contract so you get players and
Chris Bosh gets his money and everybody
goes home happy now where does this lead
mr. LeBron James we all know everybody's
gonna kiss his feet tomorrow night at
nine p.m. eastern time when he announces
where he's gonna go but is the Miami
Heat still an option for LeBron James or
does he stay in Cleveland does he go to
the New York Knicks now we all know all
three of the team's I just mentioned
they still need to be filled out more
but somebody is gonna lose and the
biggest loser that can possibly be there
is Cleveland if this man leaves
Cleveland Cleveland this place is now
like a deserted town and Cleveland is a
beautiful city but if he leaves the cans
are over so please let me know what you
think about this dwyane wade chris bosh
how much are they going to improve with
the Miami Heat of course they get into
the playoffs still be in contention
it'll be interesting to see how the rest
of their roster fills out but now that
both of these guys are with the heat
where do you think my brawn James is
gonna go we're going to find out soon
enough
days on let me know what you think hit
me up jealous for brief @ gmail.com go
find me on Facebook go farm you on
twitter i am out kind of like michael
beasley will probably be with Miami Heat
peace treating Larry bicha I'm looking
for three broskis
you